---
title: About Ania
---

Having a background in contemporary dance, I have always been
attracted to various forms of movement. I dabbled in different
styles of yoga in studios and online and with time came to realise
that yoga was my favourite form of exercise and
self-care—something I could never get enough of! I appreciate the
practice for being an opportunity to switch off thinking and
striving to achieve (something that’s an inherent part of my 9-5
as an academic researcher) and take a moment to breathe and
remember that change takes time.

I’m a qualified vinyasa and yin teacher who loves surprising her
students with creative transitions and introducing them to new
poses. My classes are challenging, yet inclusive, as I aim to
create a space where you can feel supported as you explore the
limits of your practice and take small steps outside of your
comfort zone. My teaching emphasises breath as integral in yoga
and invites students to appreciate the tradition and science
behind how we breathe in our practice and off the mat. In our
sessions, you'll often hear me remind you to focus on the
functional aspects of asanas (where do you feel it?) and forget
about the aesthetics (does it look pretty?).

I’m also a fan of the outdoors and a dog lover, so please make
sure to say hello if you see me outside the studio hiking up
Arthur’s Seat with my pup, Shiver.
